---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-08T06:57:10.395Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-08T06:56:42.894Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-08-f724434c-dc64-4218-bcf5-964b0af2343d.md
published: true
url: f724434c-dc64-4218-bcf5-964b0af2343d/index.html
_type: Article

---
We are alone. But we forget it.

It's easier to forget that we are the creator of our actions. As we become more connected and more exposed to opinions of others, one wonders whether anyone does anything for themselves anymore.

The individual who begins a gym regimen posts a workout picture after one session, the 'entrepreneur' who posts motivational quotes before making a sale, the girls who dance in front of their cameras while avoiding eye contact from anyone else at the club.

It feels like everyone is doing something for someone else.

Every post seems to say: "Like me, love me, validate me."

"Is what I'm doing okay? Do you approve?"

Of course everyone wants to be liked and accepted. But the quickly evaporated attention we receive from social media always leaves us wanting more. While we neglect the present moment and opportunity to connect with real people.

If you were to compare love and connection to food, I'd probably say Facebook and Instagram are the fast food chains - eagerly sought after, gives you quick jolts of pleasure, and leaving you full but empty at the same time.

Technology provides quick access, but sometimes quickness is not a virtue worth seeking. The slow walks, talks, conversations with a friend - the lulls in the conversation, the silences unfilled by nervous fluttering of our phones, the deep looks of understanding without saying a word. These moments are the broccoli of love.

Keeping connections is good. Deepening connections is where it's at.